fix bugs (#72)
husarion/panther_ros: panther_lights/README.md

  - `front` animation for front LED panel.
  - `rear` animation for rear LED panel.
- `id` [*int*]: ID of an animation.

> - `name` [*string*, default: **ANIMATION_<ID>**]: name of an animation. If not provided will default to `ANIMATION_ID`, where **ID** is this animation ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name` [*string*, default: **ANIMATION_<ID>**]: name of an animation. If not provided will default to `ANIMATION_<ID>`, where `<ID>` is this animation ID.
```

> - `name` [*string*, default: **ANIMATION_<ID>**]: name of an animation. If not provided will default to `ANIMATION_<ID>`, where `<ID>` is this animation ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name` [*string*, default: **ANIMATION_<ID>**]: name of an animation. If not provided will default to `ANIMATION_<ID>`, where `<ID>` is eqal to `id` parameter of given animation.
```

- `priority` [*int*, default: **3**]: priority at which animation will be placed in the queue. The list below shows behavior when an animation with a given ID arrives:
    - **1** interrupts and removes animation with priorities **2** and **3**.
    - **2** interrupts animations with priority **3**.
    - **3** adds animation to the end of queue.
- `timeout` [*float*, default: **120.0**]: time in seconds, after which animation will be removed from the queue.

> > **Warning**: If `both` and `front/rear` keys are provided together, will default to `both`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning**: If `animation` key at the same time has values `both` and `front` or `rear` provided. It will default to `both`.
```
